Suzy is membership coordinator:
	To start a new sched period, she goes to the sched app and fills in all the known nessisary tasks. Members sign up for tasks they want (creating TaskAssignments). When the scheduling deadline aproaches, Suzy gets a report of the Tasks that are still lacking Assignments. She clicks on each unassigned Task and is given a list of members who could do the Task (ordered by debt of hours and how recently they worked).


More use cases for scheduling (and a little for membership) from Shinara (noted
by gsf):

1. Having calendars -- visual with squares, so people can be written in -- 
should be online so people can choose certain shifts.  Staff should be able
to access downstairs (in the coop) -- then we could get rid of the physical
calendars.  Though would be nice to print out the schedule for the day to
post on the board.  So calendar views for week or month at a time, but also 
get to per-day detail.  Per-day detail of most importance, then week, then
month.  Certain number of shift slots that can be filled for each time of the
day.  

2. Number of slots per job needs to be adjustable per day, but with a template
that repeats from week to week.  Setup changes for each day of the week, and 
sometimes people come in early for their shifts.  

3. Looking at Park Slope Food Coop website: Squad Times -- by day.  Also, 
Online Shift Swap.  But really, the demo from the Weaver's Way guy had some
good ideas.

4. On weekly schedule, for example, staff could change things.  Members could
only sign up.  Week should be Monday-Sunday.  Tomorrow (Thursday), I'll make 
next week's schedule and the week after that.  

5. Really important is generating the weekly schedule.  Currently it's 
created from the sprawling Excel spreadsheet.  People work in rotations,
lettered A-J.  A-D are 2-hour shifts (a mixture of things) (rotate every 4 
weeks), E-J are 3-hour cashier shifts, rotating every 6 weeks.  So each week
is a combination of one from A-D and one from E-J.  So this week would be a
B/H week, for example.  

6. Available shifts should remain visible until the moment they start.

7. As things work now, people show up for their rotation, so being able to
schedule a series is very important.  For example, member A works on 
Thursdays every six weeks.

8. Attendance.  I suppose staff would still have to enter attendance.  It would
be nice to open a page that says "this account was responsible for these days"
and staff could say if they showed up or not for that shift.  Ideally, it would
be fast and easy enough to say a member had shown up that staff could do it on
a daily or weekly basis.  The categories of attendance are Worked Shift, Makeup
Shift, Excused, or Unexcused.  Different consequences result from missing a
Worked Shift versus Makeup Shift.  

9. If a member misses a makeup shift and it's unexcused, the MESS should
automatically suspend the account (overridable by staff).

10. Also categories for people that are exempt from workshifts.  These 
exemptions do expire -- would be great if account is freezed and member is
notified "You need to sign up for a shift now" when exemption expires.  Also
good to know when an account has been frozen, and how long it's been frozen,
because they need to be notified after a month that the account will be closed
after two solid months of frozenness.  The MESS could send an email 
automatically, and create weekly phone lists for those who wish to be 
contacted by phone.  

11. For general membership stuff, also need to keep track of join date, 
departure date, and key access card information.  Should keys be attached 
to members or accounts?  Currently attached to accounts, with accounts 
possibly having more than one key.  If any member in an account misses a
workshift, it suspends all of the keys for the account.

12. History box of workshifts.  When I look at the member it would be nice
to know what shifts the member had worked before.  (This could be on the
member page -- nice for the member to see, too.)

13. Be good to see in the workshift history that the member had attended a
cashier training or other type of training.  Orientations and trainings
should show up in their own filtered list as well so staff doesn't have to
search through whole workshift history for them.  Attendance of trainings
would allow staff to set the member's ability to work certain jobs.

14. Here's how I (gsf) would like it to work:  Hours accrue to the account per
active member (2 hours per active member per 4 weeks).  Hours get taken off as
shifts are completed.  If hours remain on account for a certain amount of time
the shift is frozen.  Not sure if this will work with the current setup.

15. Still to be addressed:  Dancing shifts.  Farm and committee shifts.
Banking hours (building up hours ahead).  


=========================================
Revisions to make, meeting February 4, 2009:

FOR TEMPORARY PRINTING-ONLY-OF-WEEKLY-SCHEDULING-SHEETS:
      add blank spaces below timecard, for additional people 
   Time pre-calculated is good --- add 'yes' and 'unexcused' (complicated?)
Change heading from 'hours worked' to just 'hours'

Add aesthetic columns: Member Initials, Reminder call, Acct Suspended Call,

 Add date of next shift
 Add rotation week letters at the top (??)
 DANCERS on SUNDAY SHIFTS
Timecard should annotate whether it's already been entered or not and by whom!

Account-view page: Title of box for "notes"

Try to chop off header/footer and make text more readable (black not blue?)


FOR GENERAL USE OF MESS SCHEDULING:

import section 3 :: same as section 1 but inactive
be prepared for Typical Changes:
  Did anybody join or leave?
  Did somebody change some info about their workshift?
  LOA --- ????


PROBLEMS: 
record-locking??: especially for the notes field.

names and phone numbers are not always right, because they're not always associated with the right person (ie, worker vs primary member)...  See excel spreadsheet to find out what they're talking about?

Long-term todo?
Calling plan (who has upcoming workshifts, acct suspended, etc.)
